2676 - Fix hide pager on one page with datagrid (#3168)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### v4.24.0 Fixes

> - `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the hide pager on one page and filter was not working correctly. ([#2676](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2676))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Datagrid]` Fixed an issue where the hide pager on one page setting was not working correctly when applying a filter. ([#2676](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2676))
```
